c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Hackaton_app.dll.config
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Hackaton_app.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Hackaton_app.pdb
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\obj\Debug\Hackaton_app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\obj\Debug\Hackaton_app.dll
c:\users\rgortowski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hackaton_app\Hackaton_app\obj\Debug\Hackaton_app.pdb
